Serendipity Assistants:

A. ReconciliationNValidation Assistant:
B. Script Writing Assistant: mkdocs writer
C. Code Generation Assistant: aider assistant with terminal access feature.
4. Testing for gptme

1. Good Morning Assistant (Task Provider): Breaks down the task based on the phase document. Provides relevant resources and examples. Provides step by step instructions to achieve the task. Provides a clear goal to help evaluate the task at the end of the day.
   1.1: Self
      1.1.1 : Thought for the day: Should be based on the kind of work assigned.
      1.1.2 : Recap of the project, phase and previous day's task.
      1.1.3 : Overview of the day's task.
      1.1.4 : Resources and examples.
      1.1.5 : Step by step instructions.
      1.1.6 : Clear Evaluable goal.

   1.2 : Department
      1.2.1 : Thought for the day: Should be based on the kind of work assigned.
      1.2.2 : Recap of the project, phase and previous day's task.
      1.2.3 : Overview of the day's task.
      1.2.4 : Resources and examples.
      1.2.5 : Step by step instructions.
      1.2.6 : Clear Evaluable goal.

   1.3 : Company
      1.3.1 : Thought for the day: Should be based on the kind of work assigned.
      1.3.2 : Recap of the project, phase and previous day's task.
      1.3.3 : Overview of the day's task.
      1.3.4 : Resources and examples.
      1.3.5 : Step by step instructions.
      1.3.6 : Clear Evaluable goal. Eg: *As a user, I want to view all my current accounts in one place so that I can have a consolidated view of my financial obligations.*

2. Good Afternoon Assistant (Task Helper Assistant): Helps in addressing the task from multiple points of view and address a final approach to the task, aligning with the goal of the project. Its more of a Q&A bot(perplexity feature of follow up questions).
   2.1 : Should generate inquisitive questions to think from multiple perspectives.
   2.2 : Create a quiz to evaluate the user's knowledge gap and clear the gap.
   2.3 : Helps write a descriptive approach to solve the task, using additional resources. Eg: Custom links n files
   2.4 : Submits a small summary back to knowledge base once the employee accepts the task. (obsidian vault)

   output: cursor prompt to write the code.



3. Good Evening Assistant (Task Eval Assistant): Evaluates the report generated by all employees and takes a recursive approach to solve the root cause of the issue. Should dynamically prepare the next day's task based on the report generated.
   3.1 : Should prepare a report department wise collecting the work submitted by employees.
   3.2 : Have validations run on each department and prepare final report
   3.3 : Address any P0 issues and find root cause.
   3.4 : Prepare next day's task dynamically based on today's observations.
   3.5 : Send a good evening message to the employee along with appreciation message.

